Mr. Su
I found the whereabouts of your young daughter Su Qingyi
Pardon me?
I beg your pardon.
I said I found the whereabouts of Miss Tsing Yi
Xixi
You say thank you.
You see, this is a photo of Miss Tsing Yi.
It's my sister's mother
This is my sister enjoying this photo
That's really great.
God opens
We searched for 15 years.
Until now I finally found a clue to him
Tell me where the photo came from
Where is my sister?
Yes, where is my daughter now?
I need to find her.
If it is confirmed that it is one by one.
We'll 2 million you
5 million
And promote you as the general manager of Canhui Hotel
Monthly salary 100,000
Thank you Mr. Zhou
Actually he is
Just him.
How could it be him?
He is a wild girl from the countryside
How could it be my sister Su Qinghui?
Are you mistaken?
Mr. Zhou, Master Su
I'm not finished yet.
As far as I know
This girl is Miss Tsing Yi's classmate
His name is Li Hongyi
And the real Miss Tsing Yi
It's the girl at the conference hotel today
My name is Liu Jing
Liu Jing